OSDOCS-17165-replace-unhealthy-etc CQA (#117026)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/restore-replace-stopped-baremetal-etcd-member.adoc

+------------------+---------+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+
----
+
Take note of the ID and the name of the unhealthy etcd member, because these values are required later in the procedure. The `etcdctl endpoint health` command lists the removed member until the replacement procedure is completed and the new member is added.

> .. Remove the unhealthy etcd member by providing the ID to the `etcdctl member remove` command by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Remove the unhealthy etcd member by providing the ID to the `etcdctl member remove` command:
```

etcd-serving-openshift-control-plane-2          kubernetes.io/tls   2   134m
----

> .. Delete the peer secret by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Delete the secrets for the unhealthy etcd member by running the following command:
```

examplecluster-compute-1          Running                          165m    openshift-compute-1         baremetalhost:///openshift-machine-api/openshift-compute-1/0fdae6eb-2066-4241-91dc-e7ea72ab13b9         provisioned
----
+

> `examplecluster-control-plane-2` is the control plane machine for the unhealthy node `openshift-control-plane-2`.

Reviewer: I think this doc bug needs a quick QE

Author: I think it should go back to previous one. Not sure why or how it got changed. Can I revert it back to original

Reviewer: At second glance, it is pretty clear that this is a typo mistake. cc @kalexand-rh `0` isn't even an option in the list of peers and the steps prior to this identify `2` as unhealthy.

Reviewer 2: It is a typo.
examplecluster-control-plane-2 is the machine selected for deletion.

Author: @sandeepknd Confirmed that the change is correct it should be `2`

.Example output
[source,terminal]

> ----

Reviewer: This is a clear typo that is fine to take out.
